Diary of An Assassin
Entry #42

I chose the location of this assignment based on several criteria. First,
the restaurant has outdoor seating, allowing me to have a public hit with ease
of escape. Second, the restaurant itself is located in a tightly-packed part of
the city, meaning I had many options for an escape plan through the many alley
ways. Finally, it has good souffle.

Target was a banker of some sort or another. Stole the wrong person's money.
Nothing new.

I sat at a table just outside where the target had reservations. I ordered a
salad, but requested no tomatoes, and explained it aggrivated my gout. The mint
I had taken moment before masked my breath with a rank smell. I made it
a point to brush my hair, which was cut short and colored brown. I also ordered
a creamy soup, and made it a point to have some in my beard for the waitress to
point out. Beard was full, slightly greying. I had considered feigning a
Brooklyn accent, but decided not to overplay the role. I wore a black
button-down shirt, tucked into a nice pear of jeans, and with a corduoroy
blazer.

After I finished my souffle, the target had just ordered his meal. The hit was
clean and quick, and I made my escape. Jumping the short fence surrounding
the outside eating area, I sprinted down the street, and made a left at the
first alley. I had one man following me, a waiter from the restaurant, and I
fired a warning shot back at him. He desisted. I wound through two more alleys
and finally climbed up a fire escape. I ascended to the fourth floor, and
entered a small, empty apartment. I took the stairs the remaining 6 floors up to
the roof, and jumped a small gap to the adjacent apartment building. I left that
building, and crossed to a hotel.

Back in my room, I cleaned and stored my weapon for disposal. After that, I
removed the clothing and dissolved it in a small bucket of fluid, which I then
diluted with water from the bathtub and flushed down the toilet. In my
maintenance bag I took out dropper 3 (for blue eyes, with a splash of green) and
the Fabio (long and full blonde hair). The drops would go in last, as they
lasted the shortest. I took the Fabio which would take roughly 20 minutes to
accelerate my hair growth. The new hair would be blonde, but I would need to
trim the remaining brown from the ends. As my hair grew, I trimmed my beard into
a short goatee and brushed in a blonde coloring. Finishing up, I put on a lotion
to make my face slightly greasy. My outfit was corduoroy pants, loose, with a
loose-fitting beige long-sleeve shirt; California hippie. I put on my glasses,
and began an AR-scan of the room for DNA. Removing a small crawling bot from my
pouch, it destroyed everything my glasses marked, then did a follow-up scan of
the room as I finished packing. I popped a mint to neutralize the previous one.

Leaving the hotel, I had a backpack with all my belongings, wearing my glasses
and reading my phone. I walked the two blocks on the main street to the
restaurant where police had cordoned off the restaurant, and on-lookers were
gathered. On the way I had smoked a fake clove cigarette for the aroma. I found
the waitress who had served me before and started making small-talk with her. I
verified she did not recognize me, and began to scan the scene for evidence.
Aside from the few hair folicles (loaded with false DNA), and the bullet casings
(linked to a pistol found near the lake), everything looked in order. A quick
tweet-pic of the scene from a temporary account (1 tweet, then deleted),
and I wiped and dropped my burner into a trash can.

Took bus to train station, and left for safe house 12.

Notes
=====

Hit takes place at restaurant with outdoor seating
Target has reservation, just inside where A is sitting
A makes point to emphasize certain features on current appearance:
     - Hair cut, color, length
     - Beard
     - Clothing
     - Defining feature: a twitch, or speech pattern
          - Order something but request removing an ingredient due to allergy
          - Fake an accent

Hit is a public display; A shoots target, runs for it
A takes advantage of set path, already designated due to previous research
     - Sticks to alleys
     - Eventually climbs escape ladder, enters into apartment building
     - Eventually leaps over roof top to second apartment building
     - Leaves second apartment building, crosses street into hotel

A changes appearance
     - Trims beard
     - Changes clothing
     - Modifies hair length via specific medicine
     - Changes eye color with drops

A returns to the scene, now with a changes appearance, to verify no evidence
     - Using special glasses with AR capabilities to scan scene
     - Talks to same waitress to get details

Satisifed that the hit was successful, and no evidence remains, A fades away.
